Update i18n.md with some wording fixes [ci-skip] (#46227)
rails/rails: guides/source/i18n.md

As part of this solution, **every static string in the Rails framework** - e.g. Active Record validation messages, time and date formats - **has been internationalized**. _Localization_ of a Rails application means defining translated values for these strings in desired languages.

> To localize, store and update _content_ in your application (e.g. translate blog posts), see the [Translating model content](#translating-model-content) section.

Reviewer: One more, since we [encourage Oxford commas](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/v7.0/api_documentation_guidelines.html#oxford-comma):

```suggestion
To localize, store, and update _content_ in your application (e.g. translate blog posts), see the [Translating model content](#translating-model-content) section.
```

Author: My bad, english is my second language. Thanks

### Setting and Passing a Locale

> The locale can be either set pseudo-globally to `I18n.locale` (which uses `Thread.current` like `Time.zone`) or can be passed as an option to `#translate` and `#localize`.

Author: According to [this](https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/222059/is-it-using-like-e-g-seen-as-incorrect), "like" and "e.g." are interchangable, therefore I removed e.g. Being relatively new to Rails I don't 100% understand what that sentence tells me, the meaning may be lost by that change.

Reviewer: Here, "like" means "in the same way as":

```suggestion
The locale can be either set pseudo-globally to `I18n.locale` (which uses `Thread.current` in the same way as, e.g., `Time.zone`) or can be passed as an option to `#translate` and `#localize`.
```

You could also swap "e.g." with "for example", but I'm not sure whether that is more clear?

```suggestion
The locale can be either set pseudo-globally to `I18n.locale` (which uses `Thread.current` in the same way as, for example, `Time.zone`) or can be passed as an option to `#translate` and `#localize`.
```
